sq10;size=231;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Cypriniformes;Cyprinidae;Notropis;Notropis atherinoides
sq11;size=163;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Osmeriformes;Osmeridae;Osmerus;Osmerus mordax
sq14;size=78;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Perciformes;Percidae;Perca;Perca flavescens
sq18;size=40;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Cypriniformes;Cyprinidae;Cyprinella;Cyprinella spiloptera
sq1;size=59022;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Gadiformes;Lotidae;Lota;Lota lota
sq21;size=33;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Perciformes;Moronidae;Morone;Morone americana
sq23;size=24;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Cypriniformes;Cyprinidae;Cyprinus;Cyprinus carpio
sq24;size=23;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Siluriformes;Ictaluridae;Ameiurus;Ameiurus nebulosus
sq26;size=21;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Centrarchiformes;Centrarchidae;Lepomis;Lepomis gibbosus
sq27;size=21;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Cypriniformes;Cyprinidae;Luxilus;Luxilus cornutus
sq2;size=30981;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Esociformes;Esocidae;Esox;Esox masquinongy
sq30;size=9;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Salmoniformes;Salmonidae;Salmo;Salmo trutta
sq5;size=1760;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Clupeiformes;Clupeidae;Dorosoma;Dorosoma cepedianum
sq6;size=307;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Cypriniformes;Catostomidae;Catostomus;Catostomus commersonii
sq7;size=267;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Perciformes;Moronidae;Morone;Morone saxatilis
sq8;size=258;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Gobiiformes;Gobiidae;Neogobius;Neogobius melanostomus
sq9;size=258;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Cyprinodontiformes;Fundulidae;Fundulus;Fundulus diaphanus
sq4;size=13553;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Gadiformes;Gadidae;Microgadus;Microgadus tomcod
sq20;size=33;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Atheriniformes;Atherinopsidae;Labidesthes;Labidesthes sicculus
sq3;size=13885;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Perciformes;Gasterosteidae;Culaea;Culaea inconstans
sq22;size=31;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Perciformes;Gasterosteidae;Culaea;Culaea inconstans
sq15;size=75;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Cypriniformes;Cyprinidae;Notropis;Notropis hudsonius
sq28;size=15;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Perciformes;Gasterosteidae;Culaea;Culaea inconstans
sq19;size=34;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Clupeiformes;Clupeidae;Alosa;Alosa aestivalis
sq13;size=88;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Siluriformes;Ictaluridae;Noturus;Noturus flavus
sq16;size=55;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Siluriformes;Ictaluridae;Noturus;Noturus flavus
sq12;size=127;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Cypriniformes;Cyprinidae;Notropis;Notropis rubellus
sq17;size=51;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Hiodontiformes;Hiodontidae;Hiodon;Hiodon tergisus
sq29;size=12;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Cypriniformes;Cyprinidae;Notropis;Notropis heterodon
sq1;size=59022;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq11;size=163;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq28;size=15;-shuffled	;;;;;;
