sq100;size=668;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tipulidae;Ctenophora;Ctenophora dorsalis
sq103;size=664;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Coccinellidae;Coccinella;Coccinella septempunctata
sq104;size=664;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Adelphocoris;Adelphocoris lineolatus
sq104;size=664;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq105;size=656;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Melandryidae;Emmesa;Emmesa connectens
sq106;size=654;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Plutellidae;Plutella;Plutella porrectella
sq107;size=654;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Platycheirus;Platycheirus obscurus
sq108;size=654;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Rhagionidae;Symphoromyia;Symphoromyia fulvipes
sq10;size=972;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Calliphoridae;Calliphora;Calliphora livida
sq110;size=639;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Metalimnobia;Metalimnobia immatura
sq112;size=632;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Brachypalpus;Brachypalpus oarus
sq113;size=630;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Chlaenius;Chlaenius tricolor
sq114;size=628;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Dyspteris;Dyspteris abortivaria
sq115;size=626;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Lebia;Lebia fuscata
sq116;size=626;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Phorocera;Phorocera obscura
sq117;size=623;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Pentatomidae;Podisus;Podisus brevispinus
sq119;size=617;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Rhopobota;Rhopobota naevana
sq11;size=970;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Anthomyiidae;Zaphne;Zaphne implicata
sq11;size=970;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq120;size=613;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Vespidae;Polistes;Polistes dominula
sq121;size=611;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Elophila;Elophila obliteralis
sq122;size=611;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Platycheirus;Platycheirus hyperboreus
sq123;size=611;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cantharidae;Atalantycha;Atalantycha bilineata
sq124;size=610;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Erebidae;Dyspyralis;Dyspyralis nigellus
sq125;size=609;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Harpalus;Harpalus rubripes
sq126;size=608;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Acrotomus;Acrotomus succinctus
sq127;size=608;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Bombyliidae;Hemipenthes;Hemipenthes sinuosa
sq128;size=606;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Chalcosyrphus;Chalcosyrphus nemorum
sq130;size=604;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Pidonia;Pidonia ruficollis
sq131;size=604;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Trichoptera;Leptoceridae;Oecetis;Oecetis inconspicua
sq132;size=604;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Anthomyiidae;Delia;Delia platura
sq133;size=601;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Lampyridae;Pyractomena;Pyractomena borealis
sq134;size=600;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Erebidae;Rivula;Rivula propinqualis
sq135;size=600;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Trichoptera;Phryganeidae;Phryganea;Phryganea cinerea
sq136;size=599;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Costaconvexa;Costaconvexa centrostrigaria
sq136;size=599;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq137;size=596;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Orthonama;Orthonama obstipata
sq138;size=593;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Fumibotys;Fumibotys fumalis
sq139;size=591;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Diplocheila;Diplocheila obtusa
sq139;size=591;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq13;size=956;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Senotainia;Senotainia trilineata
sq140;size=591;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Epinotia;Epinotia nisella
sq141;size=591;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Nymphalidae;Phyciodes;Phyciodes cocyta
sq143;size=586;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sarcophagidae;Sarcophaga;Sarcophaga subvicina
sq144;size=581;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Pseudolimnophila;Pseudolimnophila luteipennis
sq145;size=579;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Halictidae;Halictus;Halictus ligatus
sq146;size=578;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Pimpla;Pimpla pedalis
sq147;size=572;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Pentatomidae;Neottiglossa;Neottiglossa undata
sq148;size=572;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Trichoptera;Hydropsychidae;Parapsyche;Parapsyche apicalis
sq149;size=572;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Elachistidae;Depressaria;Depressaria depressana
sq150;size=572;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Xylophagidae;Xylophagus;Xylophagus lugens
sq150;size=572;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq151;size=572;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Sitochroa;Sitochroa palealis
sq152;size=571;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Chalcosyrphus;Chalcosyrphus libo
sq153;size=570;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cantharidae;Cantharis;Cantharis rufa
sq154;size=569;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dryomyzidae;Dryomyza;Dryomyza anilis
sq156;size=567;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Iseropus;Iseropus stercorator
sq157;size=567;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Choristoneura;Choristoneura rosaceana
sq158;size=563;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sarcophagidae;Boettcheria;Boettcheria cimbicis
sq159;size=561;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Myospila;Myospila meditabunda
sq160;size=560;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Feltia;Feltia tricosa
sq161;size=557;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Temnostoma;Temnostoma balyras
sq162;size=557;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Asilidae;Laphria;Laphria index
sq162;size=557;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq163;size=548;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Vespidae;Eumenes;Eumenes crucifera
sq164;size=547;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cleridae;Cymatodera;Cymatodera bicolor
sq165;size=546;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Exorista;Exorista dydas
sq166;size=546;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Anania;Anania tertialis
sq167;size=544;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Speranza;Speranza pustularia
sq167;size=544;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq168;size=544;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Muscina;Muscina levida
sq169;size=543;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Stratiomyidae;Allognosta;Allognosta fuscitarsis
sq16;size=936;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Anthomyiidae;Eutrichota;Eutrichota lipsia
sq170;size=542;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Scopula;Scopula limboundata
sq171;size=541;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Pyrochroidae;Pedilus;Pedilus lugubris
sq172;size=539;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Staphylinidae;Philonthus;Philonthus caeruleipennis
sq172;size=539;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq174;size=538;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Ochropleura;Ochropleura implecta
sq175;size=534;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Mecoptera;Panorpidae;Panorpa;Panorpa latipennis
sq176;size=533;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Synchlora;Synchlora frondaria
sq177;size=532;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Phaonia;Phaonia bysia
sq178;size=532;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Megachilidae;Megachile;Megachile inermis
sq179;size=530;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Dolichopus;Dolichopus comatus
sq17;size=934;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Protodeltote;Protodeltote albidula
sq180;size=530;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Erebidae;Macrochilo;Macrochilo absorptalis
sq181;size=529;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Epiphragma;Epiphragma fasciapenne
sq182;size=527;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Pleolophus;Pleolophus basizonus
sq183;size=524;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Vespidae;Euodynerus;Euodynerus foraminatus
sq184;size=522;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Crambus;Crambus albellus
sq184;size=522;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq185;size=521;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Erebidae;Phalaenophana;Phalaenophana pyramusalis
sq186;size=520;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Sesiidae;Synanthedon;Synanthedon acerrubri
sq186;size=520;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq187;size=520;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Draeculacephala;Draeculacephala antica
sq189;size=520;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Clytus;Clytus ruricola
sq18;size=924;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Parasetigena;Parasetigena silvestris
sq190;size=516;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Membracidae;Entylia;Entylia carinata
sq191;size=513;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Sericomyia;Sericomyia chrysotoxoides
sq192;size=512;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciomyzidae;Atrichomelina;Atrichomelina pubera
sq193;size=510;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Spilonota;Spilonota laricana
sq194;size=509;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Drepanidae;Drepana;Drepana arcuata
sq195;size=505;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Acroceridae;Actina;Actina viridis
sq196;size=502;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Tricholita;Tricholita signata
sq198;size=501;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Vespidae;Vespula;Vespula maculifrons
sq199;size=500;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Idaea;Idaea dimidiata
sq19;size=910;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Clepsis;Clepsis melaleucana
sq1;size=1059;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Cyrtophleba;Cyrtophleba nitida
sq1;size=1059;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq201;size=496;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Plutellidae;Plutella;Plutella xylostella
sq203;size=492;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Reduviidae;Zelus;Zelus luridus
sq204;size=491;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Athrycia;Athrycia cinerea
sq205;size=488;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Euplexia;Euplexia benesimilis
sq206;size=487;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Colletidae;Hylaeus;Hylaeus affinis
sq208;size=486;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Poecilus;Poecilus lucublandus
sq209;size=485;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Gelechiidae;Athrips;Athrips mouffetella
sq20;size=904;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Xylophagidae;Xylophagus;Xylophagus reflectens
sq210;size=481;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Sparganothis;Sparganothis unifasciana
sq211;size=481;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Mydaea;Mydaea detrita
sq212;size=469;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Halictidae;Sphecodes;Sphecodes ranunculi
sq213;size=468;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Membracidae;Smilia;Smilia camelus
sq214;size=466;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Nymphalidae;Megisto;Megisto cymela
sq215;size=463;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cleridae;Cymatodera;Cymatodera bicolor
sq216;size=461;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Herpetogramma;Herpetogramma thestealis
sq217;size=459;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Andrenidae;Andrena;Andrena nasonii
sq218;size=459;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Ophion;Ophion bilineatus
sq219;size=457;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Toxomerus;Toxomerus geminatus
sq21;size=894;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Cabera;Cabera erythemaria
sq221;size=454;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphrophoridae;Lepyronia;Lepyronia quadrangularis
sq222;size=451;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Erebidae;Zanclognatha;Zanclognatha dentata
sq224;size=445;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Drepanidae;Eudeilinia;Eudeilinia herminiata
sq225;size=445;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Ferdinandea;Ferdinandea buccata
sq226;size=445;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Anthomyiidae;Botanophila;Botanophila fugax
sq228;size=441;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Mecoptera;Panorpidae;Panorpa;Panorpa latipennis
sq228;size=441;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq229;size=441;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Coccinellidae;Coleomegilla;Coleomegilla maculata
sq22;size=891;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Tachinomyia;Tachinomyia panaetius
sq230;size=440;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Ormosia;Ormosia affinis
sq230;size=440;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq231;size=439;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Campaea;Campaea perlata
sq232;size=430;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Gelechiidae;Dichomeris;Dichomeris copa
sq233;size=428;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Halictidae;Agapostemon;Agapostemon virescens
sq234;size=428;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Platynus;Platynus hypolithos
sq235;size=425;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Elateridae;Denticollis;Denticollis denticornis
sq236;size=424;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Erebidae;Renia;Renia adspergillus
sq238;size=420;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Pipunculidae;Nephrocerus;Nephrocerus daeckei
sq239;size=419;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Dusona;Dusona minor
sq23;size=891;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Helina;Helina evecta
sq240;size=419;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Scopula;Scopula inductata
sq241;size=414;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Scarabaeidae;Onthophagus;Onthophagus orpheus
sq242;size=414;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Aethes;Aethes biscana
sq243;size=409;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Heleomyzidae;Suillia;Suillia quinquepunctata
sq244;size=409;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tephritidae;Eurosta;Eurosta solidaginis
sq245;size=404;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Apidae;Nomada;Nomada subrutila
sq246;size=400;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Tenthredinidae;Taxonus;Taxonus terminalis
sq247;size=397;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Coenagrionidae;Nehalennia;Nehalennia irene
sq247;size=397;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq248;size=392;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Trichoptera;Polycentropodidae;Plectrocnemia;Plectrocnemia cinerea
sq249;size=390;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Trichoptera;Phryganeidae;Ptilostomis;Ptilostomis ocellifera
sq249;size=390;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq24;size=889;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Archips;Archips purpurana
sq250;size=373;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Trachysida;Trachysida mutabilis
sq252;size=365;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Pyrochroidae;Schizotus;Schizotus cervicalis
sq253;size=364;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Endothenia;Endothenia hebesana
sq254;size=363;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Cryptus;Cryptus albitarsis
sq256;size=357;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Coleophoridae;Coleophora;Coleophora granifera
sq257;size=352;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Erebidae;Phalaenostola;Phalaenostola larentioides
sq258;size=352;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cantharidae;Podabrus;Podabrus intrusus
sq259;size=351;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Bombyliidae;Bombylius;Bombylius major
sq25;size=888;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Desmia;Desmia funeralis
sq260;size=351;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Artheneidae;Chilacis;Chilacis typhae
sq261;size=344;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Xylotrechus;Xylotrechus colonus
sq262;size=342;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Acleris;Acleris variana
sq263;size=336;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Gravenhorstia;Erigorgus xanthopsis
sq264;size=334;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Ophonus;Ophonus puncticeps
sq265;size=333;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Neoclytus;Neoclytus acuminatus
sq267;size=331;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Pterostichus;Pterostichus melanarius
sq268;size=326;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Myolepta;Myolepta nigra
sq269;size=323;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Agrypon;Agrypon flexorium
sq26;size=886;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Helius;Helius flavipes
sq270;size=316;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Gelechiidae;Isophrictis;Isophrictis actinopa
sq271;size=314;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Chrysoteuchia;Chrysoteuchia topiarius
sq272;size=313;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Elateridae;Ampedus;Ampedus linteus
sq273;size=308;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Calliphoridae;Cynomya;Cynomya cadaverina
sq273;size=308;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq274;size=308;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Analeptura;Analeptura lineola
sq275;size=306;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cydnidae;Sehirus;Sehirus cinctus
sq276;size=304;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Tenthredinidae;Euura;Euura extensicornis
sq277;size=302;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Pediciidae;Tricyphona;Tricyphona inconstans
sq278;size=302;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Argyra;Argyra robusta
sq279;size=299;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sarcophagidae;Boettcheria;Boettcheria bisetosa
sq27;size=885;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Diplazon;Diplazon laetatorius
sq281;size=293;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Staphylinidae;Tasgius;Tasgius melanarius
sq283;size=285;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Lampyridae;Ellychnia;Ellychnia corrusca
sq283;size=285;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq284;size=275;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Megachilidae;Osmia;Osmia lignaria
sq284;size=275;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq285;size=274;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Tenthredinidae;Taxonus;Taxonus borealis
sq286;size=268;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Curculionidae;Polydrusus;Polydrusus formosus
sq287;size=259;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Pentatomidae;Euschistus;Euschistus variolarius
sq288;size=257;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Membracidae;Cyrtolobus;Cyrtolobus vau
sq289;size=257;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tipulidae;Nephrotoma;Nephrotoma ferruginea
sq289;size=257;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq28;size=882;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Podoschistus;Podoschistus vittifrons
sq290;size=256;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Orthoptera;Tetrigidae;Tetrix;Tetrix arenosa
sq292;size=231;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Draeculacephala;Draeculacephala antica
sq293;size=231;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Trichoptera;Leptoceridae;Oecetis;Oecetis inconspicua
sq294;size=230;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Microdon;Microdon tristis
sq295;size=229;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sarcophagidae;Blaesoxipha;Blaesoxipha falciformis
sq296;size=229;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Ancylis;Ancylis metamelana
sq297;size=228;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Elachistidae;Agonopterix;Agonopterix pulvipennella
sq298;size=226;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Tenthredinidae;Nematus;Nematus incompletus
sq299;size=224;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Neocoelidia;Neocoelidia tumidifrons
sq2;size=1058;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Scathophagidae;Scathophaga;Scathophaga furcata
sq300;size=221;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Cyrtophorus;Cyrtophorus verrucosus
sq301;size=221;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Trichoptera;Leptoceridae;Leptocerus;Leptocerus americanus
sq302;size=214;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Apidae;Ceratina;Ceratina calcarata
sq303;size=206;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Cochylis;Cochylis hoffmanana
sq304;size=205;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Nepticulidae;Ectoedemia;Ectoedemia sericopeza
sq304;size=205;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq305;size=205;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciomyzidae;Tetanocera;Tetanocera plumosa
sq306;size=202;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Eutettix;Eutettix variabilis
sq306;size=202;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq307;size=202;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Gaurotes;Gaurotes cyanipennis
sq308;size=196;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Elateridae;Melanotus;Melanotus castanipes
sq309;size=196;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cleridae;Enoclerus;Enoclerus nigripes
sq30;size=871;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Cochylis;Cochylis hoffmanana
sq310;size=195;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Lucanidae;Platycerus;Platycerus quercus
sq310;size=195;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq311;size=191;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Coenagrionidae;Ischnura;Ischnura verticalis
sq312;size=186;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Pieridae;Colias;Colias philodice
sq313;size=182;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Halictidae;Lasioglossum;Lasioglossum leucozonium
sq313;size=182;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq314;size=181;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Crabronidae;Trypoxylon;Trypoxylon frigidum
sq315;size=180;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Chrysomelidae;Donacia;Donacia cincticornis
sq318;size=175;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Elateridae;Ampedus;Ampedus nigricollis
sq319;size=174;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Nitidulidae;Glischrochilus;Glischrochilus sanguinolentus
sq319;size=174;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq31;size=870;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tipulidae;Ctenophora;Ctenophora dorsalis
sq31;size=870;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq320;size=169;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Gracillariidae;Caloptilia;Caloptilia hypericella
sq320;size=169;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq321;size=169;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Curculionidae;Phyllobius;Phyllobius oblongus
sq323;size=162;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Anticlea;Anticlea multiferata
sq323;size=162;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq324;size=157;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Staphylinidae;Ontholestes;Ontholestes cingulatus
sq325;size=154;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Trichoptera;Leptoceridae;Triaenodes;Triaenodes tardus
sq326;size=149;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Thyraylia;Thyraylia hollandana
sq326;size=149;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq327;size=148;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Xanthorhoe;Xanthorhoe ferrugata
sq328;size=146;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Calliphoridae;Pollenia;Pollenia pediculata
sq329;size=146;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Cabera;Cabera erythemaria
sq32;size=870;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Graphomya;Graphomya americana
sq330;size=146;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Staphylinidae;Quedius;Quedius curtipennis
sq331;size=143;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Chrysomelidae;Calligrapha;Calligrapha multipunctata
sq333;size=133;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Halictidae;Augochlora;Augochlora pura
sq336;size=127;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Urodidae;Wockia;Wockia asperipunctella
sq337;size=126;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Erotylidae;Acropteroxys;Acropteroxys gracilis
sq339;size=121;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Crabronidae;Pemphredon;Pemphredon inornata
sq33;size=869;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Theronia;Theronia hilaris
sq342;size=113;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Crambus;Crambus albellus
sq342;size=113;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq343;size=111;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Bathythrix;Bathythrix decipiens
sq344;size=111;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Coccinellidae;Myzia;Myzia pullata
sq345;size=108;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Nabidae;Nabis;Nabis rufusculus
sq346;size=107;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Eucosma;Eucosma tomonana
sq347;size=101;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Membracidae;Publilia;Publilia concava
sq348;size=95;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Tenthredinidae;Euura;Euura extensicornis
sq34;size=868;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Pyralidae;Acrobasis;Acrobasis indigenella
sq350;size=88;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Neoalosterna;Neoalosterna capitata
sq351;size=83;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Mordellidae;Tomoxia;Tomoxia lineella
sq352;size=78;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Nabidae;Nabis;Nabis roseipennis
sq353;size=77;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Trichoptera;Limnephilidae;Pycnopsyche;Pycnopsyche scabripennis
sq355;size=70;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Rhipidia;Rhipidia maculata
sq356;size=69;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cleridae;Enoclerus;Enoclerus nigripes
sq358;size=65;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tephritidae;Eurosta;Eurosta solidaginis
sq35;size=855;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Nymphalidae;Coenonympha;Coenonympha tullia
sq360;size=47;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Orthoptera;Acrididae;Melanoplus;Melanoplus mexicanus
sq360;size=47;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq362;size=46;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Agrothereutes;Agrothereutes abbreviatus
sq363;size=44;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tephritidae;Eurosta;Eurosta solidaginis
sq365;size=40;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Chrysomelidae;Cassida;Cassida rubiginosa
sq366;size=40;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cantharidae;Podabrus;Podabrus rugosulus
sq367;size=37;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tephritidae;Eurosta;Eurosta solidaginis
sq369;size=32;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Scarabaeidae;Serica;Serica sericea
sq36;size=849;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Xestia;Xestia smithii
sq370;size=30;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Elateridae;Denticollis;Denticollis denticornis
sq374;size=27;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Tenthredinidae;Dineura;Dineura militaris
sq374;size=27;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq375;size=26;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Tenthredinidae;Dineura;Dineura militaris
sq378;size=23;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Halictidae;Sphecodes;Sphecodes ranunculi
sq379;size=23;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Halictidae;Sphecodes;Sphecodes ranunculi
sq37;size=847;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Metalimnobia;Metalimnobia triocellata
sq381;size=22;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Chrysomelidae;Microrhopala;Microrhopala vittata
sq382;size=22;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Agrothereutes;Agrothereutes abbreviatus
sq385;size=20;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Amphipoea;Amphipoea velata
sq385;size=20;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq386;size=19;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cantharidae;Atalantycha;Atalantycha bilineata
sq389;size=19;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Gelechiidae;Metzneria;Metzneria lappella
sq38;size=840;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Chrysomelidae;Crioceris;Crioceris asparagi
sq390;size=19;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Apidae;Nomada;Nomada subrutila
sq393;size=17;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Ferdinandea;Ferdinandea buccata
sq394;size=17;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Xylotrechus;Xylotrechus colonus
sq395;size=16;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Athrycia;Athrycia cinerea
sq398;size=16;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Metalimnobia;Metalimnobia immatura
sq39;size=839;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Epirrhoe;Epirrhoe alternata
sq3;size=1042;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Cryptomeigenia;Cryptomeigenia triangularis
sq400;size=15;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Pyralidae;Aglossa;Aglossa cuprina
sq402;size=15;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Cryptus;Cryptus albitarsis
sq403;size=15;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Ferdinandea;Ferdinandea buccata
sq407;size=12;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tephritidae;Eurosta;Eurosta solidaginis
sq409;size=12;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Stratiomyidae;Odontomyia;Odontomyia pubescens
sq40;size=833;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Horisme;Horisme intestinata
sq410;size=12;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Elateridae;Ampedus;Ampedus protervus
sq412;size=11;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Mecoptera;Panorpidae;Panorpa;Panorpa latipennis
sq414;size=10;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Orthoptera;Tetrigidae;Tetrix;Tetrix arenosa
sq415;size=10;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Macrorchis;Macrorchis ausoba
sq417;size=9;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cleridae;Cymatodera;Cymatodera bicolor
sq419;size=9;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Ferdinandea;Ferdinandea buccata
sq41;size=831;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Ypsolophidae;Ypsolopha;Ypsolopha dentella
sq420;size=9;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Calliphoridae;Cynomya;Cynomya cadaverina
sq421;size=9;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Epiphragma;Epiphragma fasciapenne
sq423;size=9;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Asilidae;Laphria;Laphria scorpio
sq424;size=8;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Mecoptera;Panorpidae;Panorpa;Panorpa latipennis
sq42;size=826;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Microcrambus;Microcrambus elegans
sq43;size=821;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Cosmopterigidae;Limnaecia;Limnaecia phragmitella
sq45;size=819;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Olethreutes;Olethreutes bipartitana
sq46;size=814;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Erebidae;Palthis;Palthis angulalis
sq47;size=798;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Panzeria;Panzeria arcuata
sq47;size=798;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq48;size=797;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Erebidae;Haploa;Haploa lecontei
sq48;size=797;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq49;size=796;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Pyralidae;Aglossa;Aglossa cuprina
sq4;size=1037;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Phorocera;Phorocera slossonae
sq50;size=791;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Calophasia;Calophasia lunula
sq51;size=790;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Apidae;Nomada;Nomada bella
sq52;size=789;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Dasysyrphus;Dasysyrphus venustus
sq53;size=778;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Urola;Urola nivalis
sq54;size=777;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Maliattha;Maliattha synochitis
sq55;size=777;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Anthomyiidae;Anthomyia;Anthomyia pluvialis
sq55;size=777;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq56;size=776;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Gelechiidae;Anacampsis;Anacampsis niveopulvella
sq57;size=775;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Vulgichneumon;Vulgichneumon deceptor
sq57;size=775;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq58;size=775;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Braconidae;Atanycolus;Atanycolus ulmicola
sq59;size=773;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Noctua;Noctua pronuba
sq5;size=1032;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Anthomyiidae;Pegomya;Pegomya flavifrons
sq60;size=773;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Orthodes;Orthodes cynica
sq61;size=770;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Vespidae;Symmorphus;Symmorphus canadensis
sq62;size=767;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Erebidae;Phragmatobia;Phragmatobia fuliginosa
sq64;size=758;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tabanidae;Hybomitra;Hybomitra lasiophthalma
sq65;size=757;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Allograpta;Allograpta obliqua
sq66;size=757;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Halictidae;Agapostemon;Agapostemon sericeus
sq67;size=753;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Neodactria;Neodactria luteolellus
sq68;size=752;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Crabronidae;Ectemnius;Ectemnius continuus
sq69;size=751;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Anthomyiidae;Hydrophoria;Hydrophoria lancifer
sq6;size=1023;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Compsilura;Compsilura concinnata
sq70;size=750;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Micropezidae;Compsobata;Compsobata univitta
sq71;size=745;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Perispasta;Perispasta caeculalis
sq71;size=745;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq73;size=742;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Coleophoridae;Coleophora;Coleophora cornella
sq74;size=739;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tabanidae;Chrysops;Chrysops ater
sq75;size=737;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Epalpus;Epalpus signifer
sq75;size=737;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq76;size=728;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Raphia;Raphia frater
sq77;size=724;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Ecliptopera;Ecliptopera silaceata
sq78;size=723;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Erebidae;Lascoria;Lascoria ambigualis
sq7;size=1005;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sarcophagidae;Ravinia;Ravinia stimulans
sq80;size=718;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Geometridae;Trichodezia;Trichodezia albovittata
sq81;size=711;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Notodontidae;Clostera;Clostera albosigma
sq82;size=708;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Notodontidae;Gluphisia;Gluphisia septentrionis
sq85;size=699;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;Oswaldia;Oswaldia assimilis
sq86;size=695;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Cryptocala;Cryptocala acadiensis
sq87;size=692;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Melandryidae;Melandrya;Melandrya striata
sq88;size=688;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Euphylidorea;Euphylidorea platyphallus
sq89;size=687;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Argyrotaenia;Argyrotaenia occultana
sq8;size=999;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Calliphoridae;Phormia;Phormia regina
sq90;size=687;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Ichneumonidae;Casinaria;Casinaria lamina
sq91;size=685;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Scoparia;Scoparia biplagialis
sq92;size=684;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Argyresthiidae;Argyresthia;Argyresthia oreasella
sq93;size=684;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Gelechiidae;Metzneria;Metzneria lappella
sq94;size=680;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Anthomyiidae;Eustalomyia;Eustalomyia festiva
sq95;size=678;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Hybotidae;Platypalpus;Platypalpus major
sq96;size=676;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Trichoptera;Limnephilidae;Limnephilus;Limnephilus submonilifer
sq97;size=675;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Colletidae;Hylaeus;Hylaeus annulatus
sq98;size=672;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Syrphus;Syrphus torvus
sq99;size=669;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Lymantriidae;Orgyia;Orgyia leucostigma
sq9;size=983;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Macrorchis;Macrorchis ausoba
