sq100;size=190;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq102;size=187;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq106;size=169;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq109;size=161;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq109;size=161;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq10;size=17631;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia longiremis
sq112;size=144;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq113;size=139;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia longiremis
sq113;size=139;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq115;size=138;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq117;size=130;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq118;size=129;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq11;size=17168;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq120;size=126;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Cercopagididae;Cercopagis;Cercopagis pengoi
sq121;size=121;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq122;size=118;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Artemiidae;Artemia;Artemia franciscana
sq126;size=101;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq129;size=95;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq12;size=16357;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq130;size=94;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia hudsonica
sq133;size=88;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq134;size=88;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq13;size=14779;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq142;size=71;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq144;size=68;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq144;size=68;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq148;size=60;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq14;size=14463;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq155;size=49;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus glandula
sq157;size=46;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq157;size=46;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq15;size=13120;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq15;size=13120;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq161;size=43;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq167;size=34;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq168;size=32;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia longiremis
sq16;size=12668;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq172;size=28;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia pulex
sq174;size=21;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia hudsonica
sq182;size=14;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Mytilus;Mytilus edulis
sq184;size=12;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq18;size=11768;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq19;size=11655;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq26;size=6044;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq27;size=5963;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Varunidae;Hemigrapsus;Hemigrapsus oregonensis
sq28;size=3921;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia longiremis
sq29;size=3555;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq2;size=94010;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq2;size=94010;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq30;size=3095;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq31;size=2700;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Artemiidae;Artemia;Artemia franciscana
sq32;size=2471;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq35;size=2074;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq36;size=2019;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Ostreoida;Ostreidae;Crassostrea;Crassostrea gigas
sq38;size=1885;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq3;size=93380;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq40;size=1685;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia longiremis
sq41;size=1659;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq45;size=1348;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Diaptomidae;Leptodiaptomus;Leptodiaptomus minutus
sq45;size=1348;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq47;size=1211;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq48;size=1016;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Artemiidae;Artemia;Artemia franciscana
sq4;size=66028;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq50;size=985;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq58;size=693;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Artemiidae;Artemia;Artemia franciscana
sq5;size=30977;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Artemiidae;Artemia;Artemia franciscana
sq66;size=487;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq69;size=454;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia longiremis
sq6;size=24657;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq71;size=444;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Caprellidae;Caprella;Caprella mutica
sq76;size=340;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq79;size=314;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Cancridae;Metacarcinus;Metacarcinus magister
sq83;size=275;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq86;size=255;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq87;size=246;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq88;size=231;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Ascidiacea;Stolidobranchia;Styelidae;Botryllus;Botryllus schlosseri
sq89;size=225;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Gammaridae;Gammarus;Gammarus lawrencianus
sq90;size=221;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq90;size=221;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq92;size=205;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Veneroida;Corbiculidae;Corbicula;Corbicula fluminea
sq92;size=205;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq96;size=198;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq97;size=196;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq98;size=194;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
