sq1;size=432154;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq2;size=380502;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq3;size=263313;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq4;size=225848;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq5;size=174101;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq6;size=149905;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq7;size=134157;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq8;size=120817;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq9;size=85368;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq10;size=36466;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq11;size=35531;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq12;size=21533;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq13;size=16817;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq14;size=15809;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq15;size=15693;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq16;size=12691;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq17;size=11523;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq18;size=10959;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq19;size=10753;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq20;size=10034;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq21;size=9692;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq22;size=9233;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq23;size=8916;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq25;size=7363;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq26;size=6987;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq27;size=6571;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq28;size=5957;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq29;size=5554;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq30;size=5061;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq31;size=4981;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq32;size=4638;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq33;size=4145;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq34;size=3895;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq35;size=3817;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq36;size=3696;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq37;size=3668;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus glandula
sq38;size=3635;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq39;size=3400;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq40;size=3384;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq41;size=2743;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq42;size=2725;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq43;size=1989;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq44;size=1944;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq45;size=1731;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq46;size=1729;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq47;size=1710;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq48;size=1681;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq49;size=1658;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq50;size=1586;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq51;size=1568;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq52;size=1555;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq53;size=1518;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq54;size=1360;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq55;size=1348;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq56;size=1307;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq57;size=1301;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq58;size=1290;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq59;size=1284;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq60;size=1273;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq61;size=1234;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq62;size=1219;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq63;size=1183;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq64;size=1167;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq65;size=1165;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq66;size=1150;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq67;size=1058;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq68;size=1023;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq69;size=1010;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq70;size=987;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq71;size=972;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq72;size=961;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq73;size=863;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq74;size=860;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq75;size=854;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq76;size=834;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq77;size=816;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq78;size=809;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq79;size=803;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq80;size=794;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq81;size=784;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq82;size=778;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia hudsonica
sq83;size=774;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq84;size=742;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq85;size=736;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq86;size=729;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq87;size=694;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq88;size=669;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq89;size=654;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq90;size=652;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq91;size=632;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq92;size=623;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq93;size=618;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq94;size=593;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq95;size=589;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq96;size=587;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq97;size=575;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq98;size=548;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq99;size=547;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq100;size=545;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq101;size=540;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq102;size=540;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq103;size=537;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq104;size=534;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq105;size=530;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq106;size=528;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq107;size=523;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq108;size=520;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq109;size=510;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq110;size=498;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq111;size=490;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq112;size=486;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq113;size=483;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq114;size=476;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq115;size=472;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq117;size=468;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq118;size=466;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq119;size=459;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq120;size=457;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq121;size=452;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq122;size=450;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq123;size=449;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq125;size=439;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq126;size=433;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq127;size=418;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq129;size=411;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq130;size=393;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq131;size=391;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq132;size=389;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq133;size=387;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq136;size=327;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq137;size=326;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq138;size=324;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq139;size=321;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq140;size=317;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq141;size=316;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq142;size=306;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq143;size=306;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq144;size=299;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq145;size=296;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq146;size=296;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq147;size=294;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq148;size=293;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq149;size=292;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq150;size=290;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq151;size=287;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq152;size=283;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq153;size=283;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq154;size=283;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq155;size=277;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq156;size=275;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq157;size=269;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq158;size=268;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq159;size=264;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq160;size=263;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq161;size=259;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq162;size=255;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq163;size=252;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq164;size=251;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq165;size=249;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq166;size=246;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq167;size=245;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq168;size=243;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq169;size=242;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq170;size=241;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq171;size=239;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq172;size=236;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq173;size=231;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq174;size=231;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq175;size=228;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq176;size=227;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq177;size=224;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq178;size=223;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq179;size=221;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq180;size=218;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq181;size=215;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq182;size=211;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq183;size=211;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Leptodoridae;Leptodora;Leptodora kindtii
sq184;size=209;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq185;size=206;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq186;size=205;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq187;size=204;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq189;size=198;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq190;size=196;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq191;size=196;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq192;size=194;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq193;size=192;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq194;size=192;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq195;size=191;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq196;size=186;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq197;size=184;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq198;size=179;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq199;size=172;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq200;size=171;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq201;size=170;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq202;size=168;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq203;size=165;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq205;size=160;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq206;size=159;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq207;size=157;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq208;size=155;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq209;size=155;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq210;size=152;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq211;size=151;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq212;size=141;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq213;size=137;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq214;size=130;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq215;size=128;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq216;size=121;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq217;size=118;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq218;size=116;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq220;size=111;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq221;size=110;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq222;size=109;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq223;size=100;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq224;size=100;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq225;size=98;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq226;size=98;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia hudsonica
sq227;size=98;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq228;size=97;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq229;size=94;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq230;size=90;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq231;size=90;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq232;size=89;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq233;size=88;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq234;size=86;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq235;size=85;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq236;size=85;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq237;size=85;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq238;size=83;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq239;size=83;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq240;size=83;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq241;size=81;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq243;size=76;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq244;size=73;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq245;size=72;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq246;size=70;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq247;size=68;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq248;size=66;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq249;size=66;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq250;size=66;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq251;size=63;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq252;size=61;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq253;size=60;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq254;size=58;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq256;size=57;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq257;size=56;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq258;size=56;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq259;size=55;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Ascidiacea;Stolidobranchia;Styelidae;Botryllus;Botryllus schlosseri
sq260;size=55;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq262;size=55;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq263;size=54;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq264;size=53;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq265;size=53;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq266;size=53;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq267;size=52;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq268;size=52;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq269;size=51;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq270;size=50;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq271;size=50;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq272;size=50;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq273;size=49;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq274;size=49;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq275;size=48;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq276;size=47;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq277;size=47;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq278;size=47;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq280;size=46;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq281;size=45;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq282;size=45;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq283;size=44;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq284;size=44;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq285;size=44;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq287;size=43;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq288;size=42;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq289;size=42;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq292;size=41;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq293;size=41;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq294;size=41;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq295;size=40;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq296;size=40;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq297;size=39;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq298;size=38;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq299;size=37;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq300;size=36;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq302;size=36;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq303;size=36;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq304;size=36;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq305;size=36;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq306;size=35;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq307;size=35;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq309;size=34;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq310;size=34;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq311;size=34;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq312;size=34;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq313;size=33;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq314;size=33;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq315;size=32;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq316;size=32;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq318;size=31;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq319;size=31;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq320;size=30;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq321;size=28;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq322;size=28;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq323;size=27;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq324;size=26;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq325;size=26;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq326;size=25;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq327;size=25;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq328;size=25;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq329;size=24;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq330;size=24;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq331;size=24;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq332;size=23;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq333;size=23;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq334;size=22;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq337;size=20;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq338;size=19;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq339;size=19;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq340;size=19;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq341;size=18;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq343;size=17;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq344;size=17;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq346;size=16;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq347;size=16;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq348;size=15;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq349;size=14;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq350;size=14;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq351;size=11;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Cercopagididae;Bythotrephes;Bythotrephes longimanus
sq352;size=11;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Pteropoda;Limacinidae;Limacina;Limacina helicina
sq355;size=10;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq356;size=10;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Cancridae;Metacarcinus;Metacarcinus magister
sq358;size=9;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq1;size=432154;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq11;size=35531;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq28;size=5957;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq43;size=1989;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq44;size=1944;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq51;size=1568;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq53;size=1518;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq66;size=1150;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq69;size=1010;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq93;size=618;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq122;size=450;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq126;size=433;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq139;size=321;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq150;size=290;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq155;size=277;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq160;size=263;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq171;size=239;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq173;size=231;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq209;size=155;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq211;size=151;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq228;size=97;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq230;size=90;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq252;size=61;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq262;size=55;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq263;size=54;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq268;size=52;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq283;size=44;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq285;size=44;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq292;size=41;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq295;size=40;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq299;size=37;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq300;size=36;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq303;size=36;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq306;size=35;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq318;size=31;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq332;size=23;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq343;size=17;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq350;size=14;-shuffled	;;;;;;
