sq1;size=414443;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Varunidae;Hemigrapsus;Hemigrapsus oregonensis
sq2;size=246072;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq4;size=172539;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq5;size=166104;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq6;size=135252;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq8;size=112857;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Artemiidae;Artemia;Artemia franciscana
sq12;size=42218;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Diaptomidae;Leptodiaptomus;Leptodiaptomus minutus
sq13;size=34425;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Varunidae;Hemigrapsus;Hemigrapsus oregonensis
sq14;size=32643;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq17;size=23480;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus glandula
sq19;size=21048;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Polyphemidae;Polyphemus;Polyphemus pediculus
sq22;size=13621;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq23;size=11218;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus glandula
sq25;size=9585;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Gammaridae;Gammarus;Gammarus oceanicus
sq26;size=9392;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Varunidae;Hemigrapsus;Hemigrapsus oregonensis
sq28;size=7379;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Gammaridae;Gammarus;Gammarus oceanicus
sq31;size=4901;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq32;size=4619;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Hyperiidae;Themisto;Themisto libellula
sq38;size=3843;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Chthamalidae;Chthamalus;Chthamalus dalli
sq39;size=3533;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Cercopagididae;Bythotrephes;Bythotrephes longimanus
sq41;size=2856;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Artemiidae;Artemia;Artemia franciscana
sq43;size=2541;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Ostreoida;Ostreidae;Crassostrea;Crassostrea gigas
sq46;size=2148;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Hyalellidae;Hyalella;Hyalella azteca
sq47;size=2113;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Artemiidae;Artemia;Artemia franciscana
sq49;size=2066;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq52;size=1904;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Varunidae;Hemigrapsus;Hemigrapsus oregonensis
sq62;size=1047;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Artemiidae;Artemia;Artemia franciscana
sq63;size=1006;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq68;size=779;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Varunidae;Hemigrapsus;Hemigrapsus oregonensis
sq70;size=712;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq71;size=708;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq73;size=704;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq74;size=697;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq75;size=695;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Limnoperna;Limnoperna fortunei
sq78;size=637;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq80;size=618;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq81;size=527;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq82;size=515;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq86;size=471;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq88;size=452;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Cancridae;Metacarcinus;Metacarcinus magister
sq91;size=427;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq95;size=408;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Varunidae;Hemigrapsus;Hemigrapsus oregonensis
sq101;size=367;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Harpacticoida;Harpacticidae;Zaus;Zaus abbreviatus
sq102;size=365;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq104;size=352;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq105;size=351;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq106;size=334;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq109;size=317;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq110;size=315;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq112;size=308;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq113;size=296;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq115;size=292;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Caprellidae;Caprella;Caprella mutica
sq116;size=287;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Cercopagididae;Cercopagis;Cercopagis pengoi
sq117;size=274;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq124;size=254;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Diaptomidae;Leptodiaptomus;Leptodiaptomus minutus
sq125;size=252;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq130;size=235;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Diaptomidae;Leptodiaptomus;Leptodiaptomus minutus
sq131;size=233;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq137;size=218;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Bivalvia;Mytiloida;Mytilidae;Mytilus;Mytilus edulis
sq140;size=204;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq143;size=201;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia hudsonica
sq144;size=200;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Temoridae;Eurytemora;Eurytemora affinis
sq154;size=179;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Varunidae;Hemigrapsus;Hemigrapsus oregonensis
sq159;size=172;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq160;size=170;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq168;size=147;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq170;size=141;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq171;size=141;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Varunidae;Hemigrapsus;Hemigrapsus oregonensis
sq172;size=139;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Panopeidae;Lophopanopeus;Lophopanopeus bellus
sq182;size=122;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia pulex
sq198;size=102;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq204;size=83;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Sessilia;Balanidae;Balanus;Balanus crenatus
sq250;size=36;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq258;size=29;	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Pteropoda;Limacinidae;Limacina;Limacina helicina
sq267;size=21;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Tortanidae;Tortanus;Tortanus discaudatus
sq275;size=17;	Eukaryota;Chordata;Ascidiacea;Stolidobranchia;Styelidae;Botryllus;Botryllus schlosseri
sq277;size=16;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;Daphnia magna
sq287;size=10;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Calanoida;Acartiidae;Acartia;Acartia longiremis
sq288;size=9;	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Hyperiidae;Hyperia;Hyperia galba
sq1;size=414443;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq19;size=21048;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq62;size=1047;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq95;size=408;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq101;size=367;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq112;size=308;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq115;size=292;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq160;size=170;-shuffled	;;;;;;
sq171;size=141;-shuffled	;;;;;;
